Update README (#3)
inspec/train-winrm: README.md

This plugin allows applications that rely on Train to communicate with the WinRM API.  For example, you could use this to audit Windows Server 2016 machines.

This plugin relies on the `winrm` and `winrm-fs` gems for implementation.

Train itself has no CLI, nor a sophisticated test harness.  Chef InSpec does have such facilities, so installing Train plugins will require a Chef InSpec installation.  You do not need to use or understand Chef InSpec.

Train plugins may be developed without a Chef InSpec installation.

## To Install this as a User

### ChefDK Installation

After June 2019, this plugin will be distributed with ChefDK; you do not need to install it separately.

### Manual Installation

Train plugins are distributed as gems.  You may choose to manage the gem yourself, but if you are an Chef InSpec user, Chef InSpec can handle it for you.

> You will need Chef InSpec v2.3 or later.

Reviewer: Are these the beginning of instructions for a certain scenario? I'm uncertain if this section should be labeled under manual installation. Would Chef InSpec handling the management of the gem for the user be considered a manual installation?

Author: I have clarified the section title

$ inspec plugin install train-winrm
```

You can then run, using Chef InSpec as an example:

```
you@home $ inspec some-profile winrm://someuser@somehost --password somepassword
```

From Ruby code, you may use this plugin as follows:
```
require 'train'
transport = Train.create('winrm',

>   host: '1.2.3.4', user: 'Administrator', password: '...', ssl: true, self_signed: true)

Reviewer 2: maybe indent this to be idiomatic and readable for the user?

Author: Done

conn = transport.connection
```

## Target Options for Train-WinRM

### host

> Required `String`. The hostname or IP address to connect to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Required `String`. The hostname or IP address used for connection.
```

#### port

Optional `Integer`, default 5985 (plain) or 5896 (SSL). The port number to which the connection should be made.

### user

> Optional `String`, username to connect as.  Default 'Administrator'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optional `String`. Username used for sign in.  Default: 'Administrator'.
```

Reviewer: I'm ambivalent about using "sign in" vs. "connection" at the moment. I am more concerned about including a verb in the description sentence for your target options.

> Optional `String`, username to connect as.  Default 'Administrator'.

Reviewer: Would _Administrator_ need to have single quotes or double quotes in this case as a String?

### password

> Optional `String`, password to use to connect. None sent if not provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optional `String`. Password used for sign in. None sent if not provided.
```

### ssl

> Optional `Boolean`, defaults to `false`. Whether to use SSL to encrypt communications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optional `Boolean`, defaults to `false`. Determines whether to use SSL to encrypt communications.
```

> Several other options exist; run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Several other options exist. To see these options, run:
```

[Plugin Development](https://github.com/inspec/train/blob/master/docs/dev/plugins.md) is documented on the `train` project on GitHub.

### Unit tests

Run `bundle exec rake test:unit` to run the unit tests.

### Testing changes against a Windows Machine

> Install Vagrant and VirtualBox. Check the Vagrantfile to verify it references a Windows 2016 evaluation VagrantBox to which you have access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install Vagrant and VirtualBox. Check the Vagrantfile to verify that it references a Windows 2016 evaluation VagrantBox to which you have access.
```

> Then run `bundle exec rake test:integration` . There are sub-tasks you can use to run only the integration tests; see `rake -aT`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, run `bundle exec rake test:integration`. There are sub-tasks you can use to run only the integration tests; see `rake -aT`.
```

> Then run `bundle exec rake test:integration` . There are sub-tasks you can use to run only the integration tests; see `rake -aT`.

Reviewer: Would you run `rake -aT` to see more sub-task information or is there a specific link you had in mind here?

Author: The command lists all tasks.

Reviewer: How's this then? 
```suggestion
Then,  run `bundle exec rake test:integration`. There are sub-tasks you can use to run only the integration tests; to see a list of all tasks, run `rake -aT`.
```
